---
layout: blog
title: On turning 46 
date: 2018-06-22 20:15
tags:
- blog 
---
As I turn 46 on this day after the Summer Solstice there is a lightning storm slowly banging away outside even though it is very sunny. My wife is reading to my son in his room as he prepares for bed. We are far enough North that it is still sunny at his bedtime which makes this a very challenging bedtime for about half the year. 

Here are some bullet points on what I have learned this year:

1. Carbs - they sound fun but being really stuffed full of them isn't great. Next year I'll eat the fried chicken but not the fries or roll. An keto Brownies instead of cake!
2. Lightning - it's no joke, folks.
3. Sleep - I am going to start taking melatonin at 9pm from now on. When you sleep 5 hours a night you can't afford to have that sleep be inconsistent or broken. I always forget to take melatonin and then it's after midnight and I'm wide awake. I've been dealing with insomnia my entire adult life. When it is light outside until 10:30 and you are not getting enough exercise bedtime can be challenging. And this low carb diet we've been doing for the last three months (see #1, I regret #1) has given me a lot of energy. Turning that off and dropping off to sleep is not easy. So melatonin. 
4. Don't leave Fiddler or SQL Profile running unless you have capture paused. You can take that to the bank.
5. I still like punk rock. But after an hour I'm ready for something a little more relaxed. I test it out every year. I was like that when I was in late teens too, so I guess people really don't change?
6. My new [wallet](https://www.all-ett.com/product/slim-leather-coin-wallet/) is still on the way but is in Vancouver now so that's good. I guess I'll get it Monday or Tuesday. 
